You said you belong to a big girl's family.
Why are you drinking and making trouble on the street?
Fortunately, I arrived in time.
Otherwise, you won't be able to guarantee it in your heart
I'm not a ghost now
Might as well be dead
Last time you played against a reformer
We all saw it.
And everybody thought it was fantastic.
You shouldn't have given up on yourself.
The news that I joined Dongying
The whole building knows
Uncle, you know it too
I know, Uncle
You are also a disciple of the apocalypse
Do you also think that I was killed by the ancestors of the Mu family?
It's embarrassing. Back then, Shenwu Dao came to smash the scene
You took the initiative
Helped me keep the whole book
I remember what you said at that time now
Make me a big fool
Time respect
Not in my heart
I have difficulties in my heart
Thank you uncle
I didn't expect you to be the only one standing at the train station
Dongying Zuo has no end
Many crimes were committed in my building
I want to kill but I can't resist
And I said, "Okay.
How can I help you?
As I command
It's my business.
I don't want to involve more innocent people
Do you want to play the black circle for a lifetime?
People like me
Maybe dying in the ring is the best way to end up
If I say
I have a chance to move your way